# Quiz 1

### Question 1: 
> Class `Customer` has a subclass `VIPCustomer`. Assuming a well written program, which of the following statements are true? (More than one may be true.)

- [ ] Any method that takes an instance of `VIPCustomer` can safely be passed an instance of `Customer`.
- [x] Any method that takes an instance of `Customer` can safely be passed an instance of `VIPCustomer`.
- [ ] The set of instance variables of a `VIPCustomer` must be the same as the set of instance variables of a `Customer`.
- [x] If you call a nonexistent method on a `VIPCustomer`, the call will still work if `Customer` implements that method.

### Question 2:
> Which statement is ALWAYS true when an exception occurs in a modern programming language?

- [ ] The program will immediately stop execution.
- [x] An immediate change of control flow occurs.
- [ ] An arithmetic operation was performed whose result is outside the range that the computer can represent.

### Question 3:
> You're asked to write a program whose input is a text document of about 1 million words, and whose output is the number of times each word appears in the document. Which of the following data structures would be most efficient for solving this problem?

- [ ] Array
- [x] Hash map or hash table
- [ ] Linked list
- [ ] Tree

### Question 4:
> Performance data from a particular website shows that for 100 sampled requests, 90 were of type A and the remaining 10 were of type B. The 90 type A requests were completed in a total of 8ms. The 10 type B requests were completed in a total of 28ms. Which statement is TRUE regarding this distribution of latencies?

- [ ] The median request latency is higher than the mean request latency.
- [x] The median request latency is lower than the mean request latency.
- [ ] The site always has lower throughput for type A requests than for type B requests.
- [ ] The site always has lower throughput for type B requests than for type A requests.

### Question 5:
> Which statements are true about the content of this class? (More than one may be true.)

- [ ] One reason to take the class is to get an official certificate from UC Berkeley
- [x] You can do the assignment using a cloud environment (using C9 as recommended or using a preinstalled environment on AWS EC2)
- [x] This class is about principles of software engineering, and will teach how to build a SaaS app using the Agile lifecycle and a modern programming language and framework (Ruby on Rails).
- [x] In the prior offering, about half of the students spent 1 to 6 hours per week on this class, while the other half typically spent 7 to 12 hours per week.
- [ ] Since assignments are automatically graded, there is little programming in this course.
- [ ] This course uses easier assignments than the on campus UC Berkeley course which it is based on.

### Question 6:
> Which statements are true about textbooks for this class? (More than one may be true.)

- [ ] You must buy the book "Engineering Long-Lasting Software".
- [x] Much of the information described in the recommended textbook is also available from other sources, with links to resources listed on the online resources page.
- [ ] Although the course is free, you must buy at least one book to take this class.
- [ ] To read a Kindle version of a book, you must first buy a hardware Kindle reader.
- [x] Kindle Books can be read by Cloud Reader on Linux systems.

### Question 7:
> Which statement is NOT part of the Agile Manifesto?

- [ ] We value individuals and interactions over processes and tools.
- [x] We value self-organizing over managers.
- [ ] We value working software over comprehensive documentation.
- [ ] We value customer collaboration over contract negotiation.
- [ ] We value responding to change over following a plan.

### Question 8:
> Service Oriented Architecture improves programmer productivity via which of the following?

- [ ] Conciseness.
- [x] Reuse.
- [ ] Synthesis.
- [ ] Automation and Tools.

### Question 9:
> Which of the following explanations for Software as a Service's popularity is least accurate?

- [x] Since the client software is usually deployed in the browser there are no compatibility issues for SaaS client software.
- [ ] SaaS eliminates most installation problems caused by computer hardware capability or operating system version.
- [ ] SaaS eliminates worries about data loss.
- [ ] SaaS makes it easy for groups of people to interact with the same data.
- [ ] If data is large or changes frequently, it is simpler to keep a single copy at central site.
- [ ] A single copy of the software running on the controlled environment of a central computer reduces software development difficulties.
- [ ] A single copy of the software running on the controlled environment of a central computer means upgrades are easier for SaaS developers.
- [ ] A single copy of the software running on the controlled environment of a central computer means no software upgrade requests for SaaS users.

### Question 10:
> Which statement is NOT true about Cloud Computing?

- [x] Traditional datacenters are not as cost effective primarily because they buy different types of computers than those found in the cloud computing warehouses.
- [ ] Using many computers for a few hours costs the same amount as using a few computers for many hours.
- [ ] Cloud computing allows anybody to use the equivalent of one the 50 fastest computers in the world for less than $1000 per hour.
- [ ] Cloud computing is based on clusters of commodity computers connected by commodity Ethernet switches.

### Question 11:
> Which of the following is the course policy regarding submission of homework assignments after their due date?

- [ ] Homework assignments submitted after the due date but less than seven days late late will receive a 25% penalty.
- [x] There is no late penalty for homework assignments.
- [ ] Homework assignments submitted after the due date will receive zero points.

### Question 12:
> Which of the following is the course policy for submitting quizzes?

- [ ] Quizzes turned in after the due date will receive a 25% penalty.
- [x] There is no late penalty for quizzes.
- [ ] Quizzes submitted after the due date will receive zero points.

### Question 13:
> Many HTML documents can reference the same CSS stylesheet. This best exemplifies which mechanism for enhancing productivity?

- [ ] Clarity via conciseness.
- [x] Reuse.
- [ ] Automation and tools.
- [ ] Synthesis.
