# Quiz 2

### Question 1: Method Calls
> In the Ruby expression `a.foo`, which calls method `foo` on receiver `a`, which of the following conditions affects whether the call succeeds?

- [x] `a` responds to the `foo` method.
- [x] `a`'s class, or one of its superclasses or included modules, implements `method_missing` in a way that handles the `foo` method.
- [ ] `a` is an instance of a class, rather than the class itself.
- [ ] `a` has the correct type.

### Question 2: The Send Method
> What is the result of executing the following code?

```ruby
x = [1, 2, 3]
x.send :[]=, 0, 2
x[0] + x.[](1) + x.send(:[], 2)
```

- [ ] 5
- [ ] 6
- [x] 7
- [ ] a syntax error or other runtime error

### Question 3: Method Logistics
> When the Ruby expression `foo + bar` is evaluated, which statement is ALWAYS true?

- [x] `bar` is passed as an argument to `foo`'s + method.
- [ ] `foo` is passed as an argument to `bar`'s + method.
- [ ] An error will occur because `+` is only defined for strings and numbers.
- [ ] `foo` and `bar` will be converted to numbers (if necessary) and summed.

### Question 4: Regular Expressions 1
> You are given the following short list of movies exported from an Excel comma-separated values (CSV) file. Each entry is a single string that contains the movie name in double quotes, zero or more spaces, and the movie rating in double quotes. For example, here is a list with three entries:

```ruby
movies = [
  %q{"Aladdin",   "G"},
  %q{"I, Robot", "PG-13"},
  %q{"Star Wars","PG"}
]
```

> Your job is to create a regular expression to help parse this list:

```ruby
movies.each do |movie|
  movie.match(regexp)
  title, rating = $1, $2
end
# => for first entry, title should be Aladdin, rating should be G, WITHOUT the double quotes
```

> You may assume movie titles and ratings never contain double-quote marks. Within a single entry, a variable number of spaces (including 0) may appear between the comma after the title and the opening quote of the rating. Which of the following regular expressions will accomplish this? Check all that apply.

- [x] `regexp = /"([^"]+)",\s*"([^"]+)"/`
- [x] `regexp = /"(.*)",\s*"(.*)"/`
- [ ] `regexp = /"(.*)", "(.*)"/`
- [ ] `regexp = /(.*),\s*(.*)/`

### Question 5: Inheritance
> Class `A` is a subclass of Class `B`. Class `B` is a subclass of class `C`. `a` is an object of class `A`. `b` is an object of class `B`. Which ONE of the following Ruby expressions is NOT true?

- [ ] `b.respond_to?('class')`
- [x] `a.superclass == b.class`
- [ ] `A.superclass == B`
- [ ] `a.class.ancestors.include?(C)`

### Question 6: Regular Expressions 2
> A valid DNA sequence consists of any number of A, G, C, and T bases. A valid RNA sequence consists of any number of A, G, C, and U bases. (Valid DNA sequences never contain U, and valid RNA sequences never contain T.) Which regular expression below matches an entire sequence that is either valid DNA or valid RNA?

- [x] `/(^[ACGU]+$|^[AGCT]+$)/`
- [ ] `/^[ACGUT]+$/`
- [ ] `/^[(ACGU)|(ACGT)]+$/`
- [ ] `/^([ACG]|[TU])+$/`

### Question 7: Classes
> Which of the following statements about classes in Ruby are true?

- [x] `Array` is an instance of `Class`.
- [x] When `self` is used within the definition of an instance method, it refers to the current instance of the class.
- [ ] Ruby supports multiple inheritance.
- [ ] Public methods of a class cannot be redefined after an instance of that class is instantiated.

### Question 8: Attribute Accessors
> Given the following code:

```ruby
class Book
  attr_accessor :author
  attr_reader :title
  attr_writer :comments
  def initialize(author, title)
    @author = author
    @title = title
    @comments = []
  end
end

book = Book.new("Chuck Palahniuk", "Fight Club")
```

> Which of the following snippets of code are valid?

- [x] `"#{book.title} was written by #{book.author}."`
- [ ] `book.comments << "#{book.title} was a good book"`
- [ ] `book.comments.each { |comment| puts comment }`
- [ ] `book.title = "Cooking Club"`

### Question 9: Agile Lifecycle
> True or False: The Agile lifecycle is the best model for all software development?

- [ ] True
- [x] False

### Question 10: Modules
> Which of these statements are true regarding Modules in Ruby?
> 1. Modules hold a collection of methods and constants
> 2. Modules can inherit from classes
> 3. Modules allow you to share functionality across classes

- [x] (1) and (3)
- [ ] (2) and (3)
- [ ] (1) and (2)
- [ ] (1), (2) and (3)

### Question 11: String Methods
> Given a string ``s = "Hello: I`m a l33t programmer!!"`` what single line of Ruby will produce the array `["Hello", "m", "a", "l", "t", "programmer"]`

- [x] `s.split(/[^a-zA-Z]/).reject{|e| e == "I" || e.empty?}`
- [ ] `s.split(/[^a-zA-Z]/).reject{|e| e == "I"}`
- [ ] `s.scan(/[a-zA-Z]/).reject{|e| e == "I" || e.empty?}`
- [ ] `s.split(/[^a-z^A-Z]/).reject{|e| e == "I"}`

### Question 12: Iterators
> Consider the following code:

```ruby
def mystery_sequence(start1, start2, limit=4)
  yield start1
  yield start2
  nextval = start1 + start2
  1.upto(limit) do
    yield nextval
    nextval, start2 = nextval + start2, nextval
  end
end
```

> Assuming `s` is initially an empty array `[]`, which call will cause `s` to have the value: `[2,3,5,8,13,21]` ?

- [x] `mystery_sequence(2,3) do |elt| ; s<<elt; end`
- [ ] `mystery_sequence(2,3).each do |elt| ; s<<elt; end`
- [ ] `mystery_sequence(2,3).do |elt| ; s<<elt; end`
- [ ] `mystery_sequence.each(2,3) do |elt| ; s<<elt; end
