# Quiz 4

### Question 1:
> Sally wants to create a dating website and decides to write an algorithm that takes a list of male and female users' preferences and returns the best matching of males with females. To test her algorithm, she manually calculates the best match. She then runs the algorithm and checks to see if the observed output matches with her manual calculation. What FIRST principle is clearly not being followed?

- [ ] Fast
- [ ] Independent
- [ ] Repeatable
- [x] Self-checking
- [ ] Timely

### Question 2:
> High coverage can always be achieved by writing a unit test for every method.

- [ ] True
- [x] False

### Question 3:
> RSpec's `stub` method can be used to override a method call on

- [ ] an instance only
- [ ] a class only
- [ ] an instance or a class only
- [x] any Ruby object

### Question 4:
> For a service like TMDb with an HTTP-based RESTful API, a Ruby wrapper library such as the ruby-tmdb gem is necessary in order to call the service from a Ruby app.

- [ ] True
- [x] False

### Question 5:
> Which of the following guarantees that you have exhaustively unit-tested a piece of code?

- [ ] 100% C0 (statement) coverage
- [ ] 100% C1 (branch) coverage
- [ ] 100% C2 (path) coverage
- [x] None of the above

### Question 6:
> Your test randomly changes the comparison operators in your conditionals. This is which kind of testing?

- [x] Mutation test
- [ ] Glass-box test
- [ ] Black-box test
- [ ] Fuzz test

### Question 7:
> Which of the following lists the kinds of tests in order of increasing code exercise complexity?

- [ ] Integration tests, functional or module tests, unit tests
- [ ] Unit tests, integration tests, functional or module tests
- [x] Unit tests, functional or module tests, integration tests
- [ ] Functional or module tests, unit tests, integration tests

### Question 8:
> Which of the following statements are true regarding mocks in RSpec? Select all that apply.

- [x] Mocks are used to isolate tests from the database
- [ ] Model mocks automatically have access to all existing methods of the model
- [x] Mocks can be created with default attribute values

### Question 9:
> What is the main difference between BDD and TDD?

- [x] BDD focuses on validation while TDD focuses on verification
- [ ] BDD focuses on verification while TDD focuses on validation
- [ ] BDD is better than TDD at testing methods independently
- [ ] BDD generally uses mocks and stubs more than TDD

### Question 10:
> What is the benefit of using factories over fixtures?

- [ ] Factories create full-featured objects, but fixtures do not
- [ ] Factory objects persist across specs, while fixture objects do not
- [x] Factories keep tests independent, while fixtures may not
- [ ] All objects from a certain factory are exactly the same, while objects from a fixture may vary

### Question 11:
> What would be an example of glass-box testing?

- [ ] Throwing random data at your application to see if it breaks
- [x] Testing a particular code path in the program
- [ ] Automatically making small but syntactically legal changes to the program
- [ ] Testing the result of a predetermined input to the program
